fix: weird tools UI when no agents exist (#10711)
mastra-ai/mastra: .changeset/spotty-maps-know.md

---
'mastra': patch
---

> Fix weird tool list UI when there are no agents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed tool list empty state when there are no agents so the page renders correctly.
```
